Miss please
Hahaha
Ouch, look at the stars, look at the moon
Miss Liu is finally here
Just send someone to order this bronze invitation
How can I ask you to deliver it in person?
Yes, thank you Miss Liu for not far away
But more thanks to Liu Shao
Without him we wouldn't have this bronze honor
Without him, my Wang family has no future.
I announce a golden invitation to the Wang family
If the chief has 100 billion seats
How is gold possible?
The golden invitation letter spontaneously belongs to Yuncheng Top Stream
Even my Liu family is not qualified
Royal District Erli
Why is this invitation upgraded?
Healing costs nothing
Unstoppable fortune
Dear, like an invitation letter, read the golden pass Shangbing
It's you.
Evil words
I'm left with a strong foundation full of monstrous
How could you possibly say it?
I tell you it's impossible
That's not possible.
Who? Why don't you dare to take it?
Don't say you are less proud
I'll have my dad break your dog legs right away
I'll wait.